Clarify using QApplication in tests (#288)
pytest-dev/pytest-qt: docs/qapplication.rst

depend on the Qt event loop being active. Calling ``QApplication.exit()``
from a test will cause the main event loop and auxiliary event loops to
exit and all subsequent event loops to fail to start. This is a problem if some
of your tests call an application functionality that calls
``QApplication.exit()``.

One solution is to *monkeypatch* ``QApplication.exit()`` in such tests to ensure
it was called by the application code but without effectively calling it.

For example:

.. code-block:: python

    def test_exit_button(qtbot, monkeypatch):
        exit_calls = []
        monkeypatch.setattr(QApplication, "exit", lambda: exit_calls.append(1))
        button = get_app_exit_button()
        qtbot.click(button)
        assert exit_calls == [1]

Or using the ``mock`` package:

.. code-block:: python

    def test_exit_button(qtbot):
        with mock.patch.object(QApplication, "exit"):
            button = get_app_exit_button()
            qtbot.click(button)
            assert QApplication.exit.call_count == 1

Testing Custom QApplications
----------------------------

It's possible to test custom ``QApplication`` classes, but you need to be

> careful to avoid multiple app instances in the same test. Assuming to defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
careful to avoid multiple app instances in the same test. Assuming one defines a
```

Assuming that's the original intent, of course.

custom application like below:

.. code-block:: python

    from PyQt5.QtWidgets import QApplication

    class CustomQApplication(QApplication):
        def __init__(self, *argv):
            super().__init__(*argv)
            self.custom_attr = "xxx"

        def custom_function(self):
            pass

If your tests require access to app-level functions, like
``CustomQApplication.custom_function()``, you can override the built-in
``qapp`` fixture to use your own app:

.. code-block:: python

>     # in root conftest.py

Reviewer: I think the whole code is better done like this:

```python
    @pytest.fixture(scope="session")
    def qapp():
        yield CustomQApplication([])
```

Being session-scoped means that pytest will take care of calling this exactly once.

Author: Right. Simplified it as suggested. Still works OK with the other code removed.
